so to fillet this there are a couple of ways
of doing it the way I'm going to show
you is by removing the head so I want to
get as much of the flesh behind the gill
so that I'm not wasting it so what
i'll do is i'll put my knife behind
just to find the spot and then cut
the head off completely right here
okay so now that the head is removed what we
want to do is we want to look at the spine here
and this is the backbone of the fish so what we
really want to do is get our knife to go inside
we're going to have the backbone as our guide and
so we're going to be putting a little force on a
knife as we go through our fish when we fillet so
let me start the first thing I want to do is cut
along this backbone and what I'm doing is cutting
the ribs as you can see the inside of the ribs
here and this is the backbone that I'm going to
rest my knife on and then slowly using a sawing
action but applying a small amount of pressure
with the back of my knife just to follow through
and then when I remove it you should be able
to see the backbone all the way along here